very good everyone smokes and we
maniacs how are you welcome
once again in the channel they already form
your channel and I bring you the desired
trick method as you want to call it from
how to pass games to five people is a
trick that you have to have one thing in
account but before telling you that you get
headphones and you can to understand
better my explanation is well said
this is clear that you are some cracks and
that's why you're going to like it
well in the previous video we got to
almost 150 likes at the moment I do not know if
we have arrived but it can be 150 likes
is a brutality you are some cracks
it's really a brutality and so I
you want to do things so for
please collaborate with a like that
costs nothing click click that does not cost
nothing you already know helps a lot and I
motivates more to make videos and of course
you are not all in this channel
also ask me anything that
do not understand since I do not explain myself well to
Sometimes I'm a little bit stubborn
idiot and good I understand it so that you
I will answer all the questions
one thing that you have to take into account in
this trick method is that it only serves to
the people who have passed their games to
a person remember that we said that the
maximum they are two well then I'm sorry
it's bad news I know
yes yes yes you pass games to two people
the loop closes the door closes and
this trick no longer works only serves for
example if steps to a person or to
no person so I'm sorry
a lot is like this is information that
did not take into account and I have it now in
account so good to try it if
you want there may be a patch out there
good a patch that I say or a book and
work but I do not think it's worth depending on what
I know it does not work so just
would serve for people who have
past content in this case games to
a person then we would do this trick
and you could do it up to four times is
say that person that you have passed the
game plus four if you have not passed anything to
nobody, you could spend about five
people is this trick you could
do with five people five times is
a very simple and simple trick
we would go
well first of all also that I know
has escaped a little is to give the email and
our password to a person from
trust in this case our friend
but be careful with this I do not do
responsible with no case of theft
Be careful who you give yours
mind beware kings you go your
I have seen many comments from
say this happened because this happened this
this imagine that they steal it is that
is something is something that bothers a lot of truth
and I would not give accounts to
strangers so be careful
well said this this recommendation between
quotes we would give for example imagine
that I'm going to pass a game to a friend
would give my email and my password to me
friend he would enter and go to the bullfight
to the downloads section and it
I would download that game remember that this
it comes out in the previous video
by the channel if you have not seen it
then he would get out of my account and
while your download is without
complete I would go to
account management would enter
it would take a person a little
it would take time to charge, so to speak ,
somehow and we would go activation
of the system and what we have to do then
very simple ps3 game system and you
we would give in deactivate system and it is very
logical for those to think a little bit about what
happens with this it's as if now you do not
nothing would have happened to anyone
in this case as if my friend did not
they would have downloaded nothing you have
understood is very easy and that I have to
do to be able to pass it to more people
I just play and this time we activate
the system is everything is very simple is
very logical if it seems to think
it 's like your friend erase us that
download is as if it is very simple is
as if nothing had been downloaded
as if I had not given my account to
nobody so nothing this is the little
trick I hope you have understood it if
not if you have not understood well then
you can ask less
what you want you already know that I answer
all nothing I hope you liked it already
you know the favorites and how much
of course you're a crack and nothing
we see in the next video goodbye people
d
yes yes
yes